**Developer - Someone that submits software packages to be scanned for OSS components and requests all of the results from the scan.

Software Package Name - Software submitted by the developer to be scanned for OSS components and licenses.

Software Package License Results - These are the results (OSS components and licenses) from the "Manage Software Package for License Scanning" and "Scan for licenses" processes.

Manage Software Package for License Scanning - This is a process that really does everything for this DFD. It scans the software package for OSS components and licenses, then sends those results to the database and the developer. This process also sends the software packages to be scanned for licenses, and sends the package to be scanned for any vulnerabilities it may have.

NST Vulnerability DB - This is a database that shows all of the known vulnerabilities in the Software Package.

Return Known Vulnerabilities in the Package - These are the vulnerabitilies that are found in the Software Package and the results are sent back to the Developer.

Scan for Licenses - This is a process that scans the Software Package submitted by the Developer for licenses and sends the results to the manager. 

Scan Results - These are the OSS component results from the "Manage Software Package for License Scanning" proccess going to the OSS Database.

Database for OSS Components - This is the database that stores the results from the Software Package License Scanning.

Request for Packages and Licenses Report - This is a request from the manager to get a report from the OSS Database.

Completed Packages and Licenses Report - This is  the report of all the packages and licenses in the OSS database that was requested by the manager.

Search DB for Packages and License - This is the process that handles the managers request for a package/license report.

Manager - A person that requests a report from the Database for OSS components.

Manage Open Source Policy Database -  This is a process that allows the manager to take care of the Open Source Policy Database and maintain the correct policies.

Modify Policy Documents - Modify any policy documents already in the database.

Submitted Policy Documents - Submit any new policy documents that are needed in the database. 

Open Source Policy Database - This is a database that stores all of the open source policies so the manager can compare different projects.

Request for Open Source Policies - This is a request for the developer so he/she can have the correct information to work on the project.

List of requested open source policies - This is the completed request from the open source policy database for the developer.

Search DB for Open Source Policies - This is a process that allows the developer to get the information needed for a project.
